## [1.0.0] - 2020-06-??

### Added
- States to JDvorak:
  - alt+e to link to latin\_e state
- *States*
  - Latin strikethrough
- Flexible imports of keylayout files.
- KEYLAYOUTS\_DIR and KEYLAYOUTS\_FILE\_SUFFIX to support extensible keylayout
  file imports from different data formats (currently just yaml).

### Changed
- Changed base keylayouts to yaml representations, and keylayout classes to be
  dataclasses

## [0.4.0] - 2020-05-17

### Added
- Support for "maps" inside states, where a state specified keys to output one
  by one
- A setting for «STATE\_ATTRIB\_PREFERENCE», giving the order of preference in
  which states have their attributes parsed.
- *States*
  - Arrows (for QWERTY and Dvorak keylayouts)
  - Latin upside down (lower)
  - Latin upside down (upper)
  - Latin extensions
  - Latin small caps
  - Latin «e» (EG for «æ»)
  - Partial cyrillic support (for 28 cyrillic characters)
- Support for states containing unicode symbols, such as "'", to be written
  as-is in state files. Normally "'" and other symbols need to be converted to
  unicode (&#x0027;), but now, they can be written as "'" in yaml (state)
  files and converted by Symboard into their unicode representation.
  - Arrow keys (up; down; left; right)
  - '
  - "
- A script for showing what states are inside your states directory, and some
  information about them each.
- Support for states of length 27 and 28 (including «'» and «"»)
- Data flow and dependency documentation

### Changed
- Terminators are now optional properties to create a state, and default to
  DEFAULT\_STATE\_TERMINATOR if not provided.
- Updated readme with tutorial on how to use symboard, vision, and a better
  overview.
- Changed the behavior of keyboards to store the states that they use as strings
  rather than states. This is one step to remove dependencies and make all code
  execution handled by the orchestrator (which remains a work in progress).
- Retroflex n and m now return eng and the equivalent m character. («ŋ», «ɱ»).
  This is because these forms are more standard, and have better font support.
- Migrated dependencies / dev / deploy away from pipenv; setup.py; SDist /
  twine, and to poetry.

### Fixed
- Now mocking symboard version for integration tests to pass
- Various debugging changes on the JDvorak keyboard, including:
  - Fixing shift + space output to be « »
  - Greek modifier over G
  - R should return big rotated letters
  - . should access dot above; shift + . should access dot below
  - JDvorak should be classed as a latin input method, so that other inputs can
  be deleted.

## [0.3.0] - 2020-05-12

### Added
- Support for basic addition of actions and states (dead keys) to keylayouts,
  including upper and lower case.
- Parsing of yaml files containing alphabets into a global states object.
- *States*:
  - States for the latin alphabet with nearly of the diacritics listed on
  the wikipedia diacritics page (last accessed 2020-05-10). They are available
  in upper and lower case. This includes:
    - breve
    - breve, inverted
    - caron
    - circumlfex
    - hacek
    - hook above (AKA dau hoi)
    - macron
    - ogonek
    - hook, palatal 
    - hook, retroflex 
    - acute accent, double
    - acute accent, single
    - grave accent, double
    - grave accent, single
    - horn
    - dot
    - umlaut (AKA diaresis)
    - umlaut (AKA diaresis)
    - ring, above
    - ring, below
  - A state for the greek alphabet.
- *JDvorak keyboard features*:
  - The JDvorak keylayout (iso) has been made available as a base layout, with
  all the above diacritics in upper and lower case.
- A script for installing keylayouts automatically for macOS.
- Added logging throughout program for debugging and information.

### Changed
- Expanded the use of mocking in tests.
- Reduced duplication in test cases for file writers.


## [0.2.0] - 2019-12-27

### Added
- The dvorak keylayout (ansi and iso) has been made available as a base layout.
- PyPI deployment, including a «setup.py» file.

### Fixed
- Unicode characters (including control characters) are now output correctly and
  have been tested on macOS.

### Removed
- Normal ansi keylayout (which has been made synonymous with iso)


## [0.1.0] - 2019-12-22

### Added
- I can provide a yaml specification, and a «keylayout» file will be written to
  disk, at the location I specify, meeting my specification.
- A Keylayout class for which allows for the addition of arbitrary keylayouts.
- An AnsiKeylayout class which implements the ansi keyboard.
- The ability to write keyboards to XML files.
- Unit testing and coverage reporting in the CI / CD pipeline.
- Doc comments and type annotations on code.
- Autogenerated sphinx documentation using doc comments in the code base.


## [0.0.2] - 2019-11-09

### Added
- An executable file (main.py) which, when run, outputs a keylayout file.
- A file writer that writes keylayout files to the local file system.
- The Orchestrator class (to control the program execution).
- Info about the command line arguments needed by main.py.

### Changed
- Moved and reconfigured config.yml to run some python scripts and to be
  detected by Circle CI.

### Todo
-  Run python tests in CI build.


## [0.0.1] - 2019-10-18

### Added
- «CHANGELOG» file.
- CI pipeline integration using circleCI.
